Terraform template box documentation (#2519)
CenturyLinkCloud/PublicKB: Cloud Application Manager/Automating Deployments/template-box.md

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**In this article:**
```

> * Deploy Using CloudFormation Templates

Reviewer: ```suggestion

* [Deploy Using CloudFormation Templates](#deploy-using-cloudformation-templates)
```

> * Deploy Using Azure Resource Manager Templates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Deploy Using Azure Resource Manager Templates](#deploy-using-azure-resource-manager-templates)
```

> * Deploy Using Terraform Templates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Deploy Using Terraform Templates](#deploy-using-terraform-templates)
```

     ![cloudformationboxes22.png](../../images/cloud-application-manager/cloudformationboxes22.png)

### Deploy Using Terraform Templates

> The Cloud Application Manager Terraform Template box allows to apply any Terraform configuration files on Amazon Web Services, Microsoft Azure, Google Cloud Platform and CenturyLink Cloud using Cloud Application Manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Cloud Application Manager Terraform Template box allows you to apply any Terraform configuration files on Amazon Web Services, Microsoft Azure, Google Cloud Platform and CenturyLink Cloud using Cloud Application Manager.
```

> This allows you to use the power of Cloud Application Manager (instance history, Lifecycle Editor, bindings, box versioning) combined with any service supported by Terraform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature provides you with the ability to use the power of Cloud Application Manager (instance history, Lifecycle Editor, bindings, box versioning) combined with any service supported by Terraform.
```

To learn more about:

> * Terraform configurations [see](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/index.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Terraform configurations see [here](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/index.html).
```

> In this article:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this section:
```
Please, also update the other occurrences in this article

* Create a Terraform Template and apply configuration
* Update a Terraform configuration in Real-Time
* Connect to Other Cloud Application Manager Boxes over Bindings

### Create a Terraform Template and apply configuration

> The Terraform Template box consists mainly of a template list where you describe all the cloud resources you need to run your application. Cloud Application Manager parses the templates and automatically shows input parameters under a section called Variables. This enables you to customize a template easily.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Terraform Template box consists mainly on a list of template files where you describe all the cloud resources you need to run your application. Cloud Application Manager parses the templates and automatically shows input parameters under a section called Variables. This enables you to customize a template easily.
```

We use a sample Basic Two-Tier Architecture in Google Cloud with Terraform templates to show how to create and launch a Terraform box template in Cloud Application Manager.

**Step 1. Create the template**

1. [Log in](https://www.ctl.io/cloud-application-manager/) to Cloud Application Manager.

2. Click **Boxes > New > Template > Terraform Template**. Give the box a meaningful name to identify it in the box service catalog. Specify other [metadata](../Core Concepts/boxes.md).

>      ![terraformboxes1.png](../../images/cloud-application-manager/terraformboxes1.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     ![New Terraform template box](../../images/cloud-application-manager/terraformboxes1.png)
```

3. In the box, select **New** in Templates, under Code tab.

>     ![terraformboxes2.png](../../images/cloud-application-manager/terraformboxes2.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ![Select Terraform template file](../../images/cloud-application-manager/terraformboxes2.png)
```

    * **Blank Template**. Develop one from scratch. When you save, you have a blank template you can start authoring. Configuration files with extensions `.tf`, `.tf.json` and `.auto.tfvars` are allowed.
    * **File**. Upload an existing template. When you save, the contents of the file are available in the template. You can upload one up to 1MB in size.

    * **Import from URL**. Upload an existing template. When you save, the contents of the file are available in the template. You can upload one up to 1MB in size.

>     It's also supported specify a GitHub public repository URL to import all the Terraform configuration files in the repository in only one step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    It's also supported specify a GitHub public repository URL to import all the Terraform configuration files located into the repository in a single step.
```

    **Note:** When you import from a file or a URL, make sure its content is formatted in Terraform format (HCL or JSON syntax) and follows the Terraform template conventions.

>     In this walkthrough, we import a [sample Basic Two-Tier Architecture in Google Cloud templates](https://github.com/terraform-providers/terraform-provider-google/tree/2.0.0/examples/two-tier) from a GitHub repository URL. When we save, all the Terraform configurations from the repository URL are ported over.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    In this walkthrough, we import a [sample Basic Two-Tier Architecture in Google Cloud templates](https://github.com/terraform-providers/terraform-provider-google/tree/2.0.0/examples/two-tier) from a GitHub repository URL. When we save, all the Terraform configuration files from the repository URL are ported over.
```

**Step 2. Author the template**

1. Start importing [sample Basic Two-Tier Architecture in Google Cloud templates](https://github.com/terraform-providers/terraform-provider-google/tree/2.0.0/examples/two-tier) and click the pencil of some Terraform files to modify.

>      ![terraformboxes4.png](../../images/cloud-application-manager/terraformboxes4.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     ![Edit Terraform template file](../../images/cloud-application-manager/terraformboxes4.png)
```

     **Note**: For more information on creating Terraform configuration templates, please refer to the official [documentation](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/index.html).

2. Customize parameters. Although optional, if you have them in the template, they’re automatically shown under Variables. You can customize several parameters as in this example.

>     ![terraformboxes3.png](../../images/cloud-application-manager/terraformboxes3.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ![Terraform template box variables](../../images/cloud-application-manager/terraformboxes3.png)
```

>      Variables in Terraform boxes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     **Variables in Terraform boxes**:
```

    * Bindings have a special use and are explained later in this walkthrough.

    * Variables imported from a template are always required at deploy time even if you don’t flag them as such in the box. Since they must contain values at launch time, you can set a default value when creating them or supply them at deploy time.

>     * The text variable can be parametrized through Jinja, for example to use binding information. See more documentation about this [here](syntax-for-variables.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * The text variables can be parametrized through Jinja, for example, to use binding information. See more documentation about this [here](syntax-for-variables.md).
```

    * Terraform local modules are supported adding [box type variables](parameterizing-boxes-with-variables.md) to the Terraform Box.
    Box variables added to your Terraform box will be automatically available on your template as Local modules named as the variable name.
     Once a Tarreform box 
    is added as a variable, it will be available on your templates. Cloud Application Manager will add to the Terraform environmnet, on deployment time, the Terraform `module` section so you don't need to add it in your files. Anyway you could reference it on your `outputs` for example:
        * `value = "${module.TWO_TIER_MODULE.pool_public_ip}"`

>         ![terraformboxes5.png](../../images/cloud-application-manager/terraformboxes5.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        ![Terraform module through a Box variable](../../images/cloud-application-manager/terraformboxes5.png)
```

In the case of a box error, share the box in the workspace that your organization and Cloud Application Manager can access and attach the logs.
* Linux: SSH and locate the log at /var/log/elasticbox/elasticbox-agent.log

> * Windows: RDP into the instance to locate the log at ProgramDataElasticBoxLogselasticbox-agent.log

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Windows: RDP into the instance to locate the log at \ProgramData\ElasticBox\Logs\elasticbox-agent.log
```
